# BackendTaskProject

Project about making SPA and simple backend in 1 week. Goal was to have a simple form to use for reading and saving book data to backend.

## Usage

Download the files.
Use cmd at project folder (with .csproj files).

```bash
dotnet run --openbrowser=true
```

## Details about making the project
#### Starting point
- Good amount of experience with C# programming logic but not much with using popular frameworks aside Unity.
- Minimal HTML experience. I have writen a simple static page once.
- Very minimal Javascript experience. I have copy-pasted few lines before but no real understanding about the language.
- No other experience about the subject. Even terms starting from "backend" were entirelly new to me.
#### The project
- Ended choosing ASP.NET as my backend for it being useable in C# to reduce the need to learn javascript and other intricacies of such backend programming.
- Most of the time with ASP.NET went in trying to understand the mvc model and other parts of the framework structure. Good learning material was very hard to find for someone who had to learn everything up from the basics.
- The code itself ended up being very much just filling autogenerated structures.
- The other half of the project went in learning javascript and html for frontend. Pretty much everything had to be googled with exeception of basic DOM elements.
#### Result
- Required features were accomplished albeit with difficulty.
- I learned a lot about working in this environment.
- Going forward it will be easier to try to more throughly understand web developent in different frameworks.
- Next step is to learn Node.js, proper Javascript/Typescript and popular libraries.
